salamualikum' welcome back today we do
hundreds 100 200 300 up to land 100
comes mafada singular thunder duel or
much more plural when it comes singular
this is how it's written me actual
militant only for 100 only for 100 Mia -
Mia - Mia - dear heading 100 there 100
there or me a truck is heading 100 book
100 book okay we're gonna go to 300 up
to 900 for 500 with right I'm sue me
Eddie
teacher Han soo Miah tdj sam tsui is 5
meter is 100 so Sam sue me 18 is 500 I'm
Sonia te tellen 500 book there are two
ways we can write ham Sonia team either
becomes separate or combine separate
here hands who is one word me a true is
one word or combined one word ham suey
Eddie I'm so elated both are correct he
can choose this one or this one
ham sue me a ticket heaven or hamsa me a
ticket a separate a combine the same
thing for 700 Saburo me a tea celerity
Saburo me a tea seniority as well as 400
600 all the numbers all hundreds from
300 to 900
100 we only right here mia - daehan this
is one hand
for numbers from 300 to 900 we should
write the number before Mia to describe
how many hundreds we have like five so
me a team is 500 several me a teen is
700 always the number that describe how
many hundreds we have it's written
masculine was like are masculine Sam su
is masculine the feminine for ham su is
hamster - we don't use it
same thing for Suberu Suberu is more
like a masculine feminine for cellar is
about - we don't use it we always use
more like a masculine because nieto
comes feminine the last one is doing
I mean before the last one which is the
second one is the dual the dual is only
used win-win-win way when we describe or
will write or we count 200 only 200 this
now it's rated me a tub or me at a Miata
is mafua muffler with health me LT is
either man solver enroll because the
dual when it's mafua
we had an elf Rafa with an elf unmask a
jar with a year when I'm going to do
grammar I'm going to go in details or
worth so the world now just remember
this is me at all and this is me at a
and both describe 200 this is specially
gnarly because in English there is no
dual either must singular or plural
the last one is plural is me africatuba
deplore is only used when we don't not
exact
number we're counting to say like in
English a hundred books you know it's
hundreds of books but you don't know
exactly how many handle you don't know
if it's two hundred three hundred four
hundred do you know the number
it's is in hundreds sacred for Arabic
when we don't know the exact number and
the number in hundreds we say me I just
could you be who is the plural form me
too but could you be again one hundred
comes mafada as we did here we cover
here 100 and then three hundred up to
900 then becomes Mulliner only for 200
it's the doing and the last one is
plural we use it we don't know the exact
number recounting same as equal to
hundreds of books also remember the
number that describe how many hundreds
we have always comes muzaka
more like a muskie that's all for today
don't forget to subscribe my youtube
channel and this is my website
thank you for watching see you next time
ceremony